Fix misbehaving columns with oids in partitioned tables < COLUMN_OID_VERSION (#17580)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.3.rst

  :ref:`ADD COLUMN <sql-alter-table-add-column>`. The fix doesn't apply for
  columns which were already added to tables after their creation before
  :ref:`version_5.10.3`. Those columns need to be dropped and recreated.

- Fixed an issue that caused selecting from partitioned tables created before

>   ``5.5.0`` to return nulls or ``oids`` as the column names.

Reviewer: Please clarify the sentence, to say that they return ``NULL``s when returned from a `SELECT` query and then a sentence about the oid instead of a column name.

Author: Do you mean add two entries?

  :ref:`ADD COLUMN <sql-alter-table-add-column>`. The fix doesn't apply for
  columns which were already added to tables after their creation before
  :ref:`version_5.10.3`. Those columns need to be dropped and recreated.

- Fixed an issue that caused selecting from partitioned tables created before

>   ``5.5.0`` to falsely return nulls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`version_5.5.0` to falsely return `NULL` values.
```

- Fixed an issue that caused selecting from partitioned tables created before

>   ``5.5.0`` to use ``oids`` as the column names when returning results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :ref:`version_5.5.0` to return ``oids`` as column names of the result set.
```
